Jk/release 11.1.x/cumulus 3148 -- Update integration tests post-PG11.13 update (#3231)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

- **CUMULUS-3148**
  - Update IngestGranuleSuccessSpec as test was dependant on file ordering and

>     PG 11 upgrade exposed dependency on DB results in the API return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PostgreSQL v11 upgrade exposed dependency on database results in the API return
```
